README.md, before:

# SAP Repository Template

Default templates for SAP open source repositories, including LICENSE, .reuse/dep5, Code of Conduct, etc... All repositories on github.com/SAP will be created based on this template.

## To-Do

In case you are the maintainer of a new SAP open source project, these are the steps to do with the template files:

- Check if the default license (Apache 2.0) also applies to your project. A license change should only be required in exceptional cases. If this is the case, please change the [license file](LICENSE).
- Enter the correct metadata for the REUSE tool. See our [wiki page](https://wiki.one.int.sap/wiki/display/ospodocs/Using+the+Reuse+Tool+of+FSFE+for+Copyright+and+License+Information) for details how to do it. You can find an initial .reuse/dep5 file to build on. Please replace the parts inside the single angle quotation marks < > by the specific information for your repository and be sure to run the REUSE tool to validate that the metadata is correct.
- Adjust the contribution guidelines (e.g. add coding style guidelines, pull request checklists, different license if needed etc.)
- Add information about your project to this README (name, description, requirements etc). Especially take care for the <your-project> placeholders - those ones need to be replaced with your project name. See the sections below the horizontal line and [our guidelines on our wiki page](https://wiki.one.int.sap/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=3564976048#GuidelinesforGitHubHealthfiles(Readme,Contributing,CodeofConduct)-Readme.md) what is required and recommended.
- Remove all content in this README above and including the horizontal line ;)

***

# Our new open source project

## About this project

*Insert a short description of your project here...*

## Requirements and Setup

*Insert a short description what is required to get your project running...*

## Support, Feedback, Contributing

This project is open to feature requests/suggestions, bug reports etc. via [GitHub issues](https://github.com/SAP/<your-project>/issues). Contribution and feedback are encouraged and always welcome. For more information about how to contribute, the project structure, as well as additional contribution information, see our [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Security / Disclosure
If you find any bug that may be a security problem, please follow our instructions at [in our security policy](https://github.com/SAP/<your-project>/security/policy) on how to report it. Please do not create GitHub issues for security-related doubts or problems.

## Code of Conduct

We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community a harassment-free experience for everyone. By participating in this project, you agree to abide by its [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/SAP/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) at all times.

## Licensing

Copyright (20xx-)20xx SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company and <your-project> contributors. Please see our [LICENSE](LICENSE) for copyright and license information. Detailed information including third-party components and their licensing/copyright information is available [via the REUSE tool](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/SAP/<your-project>).

Commit message:

chore: boilerplate coding (#1)
* add meta files

* add config API type and boilerplate coding

README.md, after:

# PlatformService Gardener-IPAM

## About this project

For environments without VPC support, the responsible Gardener extension usually requires `Shoot` manifests to have disjunct IP ranges in their infrastructure-specific configuration, not only within the manifest for a single shoot, but across all shoots that are created for the specific hyperscaler. The [ClusterProvider Gardener](https://github.com/openmcp-project/cluster-provider-gardener) currently uses a static template for shoots and does not contain any logic for assigning disjunct CIDRs.

This PlatformServices solves the problem by creating a `ClusterConfig` for each `Cluster` (that matches the selector) which injects an unused CIDR from one of multiple given parent networks into the shoot manifest.

## Requirements and Setup

Checkout the available tasks by running `task` in this folder. If you don't know about taskfiles, run `make help` to get further information.

This controller is meant to be run as a [platform service](https://github.com/openmcp-project/openmcp-operator/blob/main/docs/controller/deployment.md). The `task platformservice` command can be used to generate a `PlatformService` manifest based on the currently checked-out version.

## Support, Feedback, Contributing

This project is open to feature requests/suggestions, bug reports etc. via [GitHub issues](https://github.com/SAP/<your-project>/issues). Contribution and feedback are encouraged and always welcome. For more information about how to contribute, the project structure, as well as additional contribution information, see our [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Security / Disclosure
If you find any bug that may be a security problem, please follow our instructions at [in our security policy](https://github.com/SAP/<your-project>/security/policy) on how to report it. Please do not create GitHub issues for security-related doubts or problems.

## Code of Conduct

We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community a harassment-free experience for everyone. By participating in this project, you agree to abide by its [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/SAP/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) at all times.

## Licensing

Copyright (20xx-)20xx SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company and <your-project> contributors. Please see our [LICENSE](LICENSE) for copyright and license information. Detailed information including third-party components and their licensing/copyright information is available [via the REUSE tool](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/SAP/<your-project>).
