# Referencing the ClusterConfigs

This document explains how the `Cluster` resources need to be modified in order to reference the `ClusterConfig` resources generated by the [cluster controller](../controllers/cluster-controller.md).

Unless explicitly disabled, this operator comes with a mutating webhook that intercepts `Cluster` resources. Whenever the webhook is called, it uses the [configuration](./config.md) to identify injection rules that apply to the `Cluster`. For all such rules, the webhook ensures that the corresponding `ClusterConfig` is referenced in the `Cluster`'s `spec.clusterConfigs` list. Since already the initial creation of a `Cluster` is modified this way, this usually leads to a `Cluster` resource which is invalid at first, because it references `ClusterConfig` resources which do not exist yet. The main controller of this operator should reconcile the `Cluster` soon after creation and create the corresponding `ClusterConfig` resources, at which point the `Cluster` should become healthy and the Gardener ClusterProvider should create the corresponding `Shoot` resource.

There are a few quirks to this controller's webhook behavior which landscape maintainers should be aware of:
- Although it is possible to disable webhook creation via the `--disable-webhooks` argument, injecting the `ClusterConfig` references into the `Cluster` resources is required for the CIDRs to actually end up in the shoot manifest. This means that this controller does not work properly when the webhooks are disabled and the option to deactivate them is meant for testing/debugging purposes.
  - Disabling the webhooks causes the `init` subcommand to remove all resources (validating/mutating webhook configurations, services, etc.) from the platform cluster which are usually deployed during that subcommand.
- The webhook setup expects the webhook server (= this operator) to run on the platform cluster of the landscape, where also the watched resources (`IPAMConfig`, `Cluster`) reside. Running the webhook on a different cluster is currently not supported by the setup.
- If either the config or a cluster changes in a way that now more injection rules match the cluster than before, references for the newly matching rules will be added to the `Cluster`.
  - The mutating webhook will only ever add `ClusterConfig` references to a `Cluster`, never remove them.
